I don't have time for dancing that's
just gonna have to wait a while how long
we talk about here to slow it down
people taking the easy way
now someone
so it's been said that the media
influences young girls how they define
beauty so how does this film The
Princess and the Frog with the first
black princess ever how does it reshape
the definition of beauty for young women
I think particularly in America where
part of our beauty definition is apple
pie and has been you know very blonde
for a very long time
it'll be an expansion of of what that is
and I think you know it it just allows
children to see not only themselves but
their friends in a regal light and I
think that that's a wonderful thing so
this is a different type of princess
she's not your typical fairytale
princess she's hardworking and dependent
businesswoman tell me about your honor
Tiana is very intelligent
she's very forward-thinking she is she's
talented she's a wonderful chef she's a
huge dreamer but she's also the type of
person who after dreaming that dream
then goes to sit down and make a plan to
attain it and I think that that is
something that we could all use as a
lesson I think that is my career I think
that she is the character most in accord
with Who I am that I've played and well
there's been one other character that's
very close to me but I think that it
allows me a real insight into who she is
and it makes it very personal to me
because I get what that journey is I get
the dream that nobody really understands
or thinks it's possible forget that all
I know is one minute I am a Prince
Charming and hands
cutting a run and then the next thing I
know I am tripping over these wait I
know this story the froggy proto read
this to me every night you must Keith
excuse me you will enjoy I guarantee all
the women enjoy the keys that's a lot of
times we think that our dream has to
show up a certain way you know you asked
for the kid that has to have that rappy
yeah that doesn't always work but
nonetheless let's talk about how kids
show up in unexpected ways well this was
an unexpected gift for me I always
dreamed of being a Disney voice I didn't
dream of being a princess I didn't care
I'd have been a duck I would have been a
talking pencil dancing as I scribble
across the page so for it to come in the
guise of princess is is the blessing
that came with wings thank you thank you
nice to see you again without clouds
mouth not cross the river animal mosey
ah
you